Homes on the Range (HOTR) data processing and analysis code
================

## Description

This is a collection of R and Python scripts for data synthesis and
analysis that are being written for and used in the [Homes on the Range
project](https://www.humanesociety.org/news/homes-range-launches-conserve-prairie-dog-ecosystem).

This is not a stand-alone package or application, but a curated
collection of scripts that have been successfully used. See the heading
comments of each script file for its intended purpose. Scripts are added
or updated as tasks are completed or revised.

## Funding

Creation of the code in this repository has been financed, in part, with
federal funds from the [Fish and Wildlife
Service](https://wsfrprograms.fws.gov/Subpages/GrantPrograms/WR/WR.htm),
a division of the United States Department of Interior, and administered
by the [Kansas Department of Wildlife, Parks and
Tourism](https://ksoutdoors.com/). The contents and opinions, however,
do not necessarily reflect the views or policies of the United States
Department of Interior or the Kansas Department of Wildlife, Parks and
Tourism.

![Wildlife Restoration Program](Wldlf_Restoration_Fund_logo.png)
![KDWPT](KDWPT.png)

## Disclaimer

The scripts in this repository are free software: you can redistribute
and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

The scripts are distributed in the hope that they will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General
Public [License](LICENSE) file for more details.
